[Python] Inventory Dicts Improvement (#2770)
exercism/v3: languages/python/exercises/concept/inventory-management/.docs/instructions.md

In this exercise, you will be managing an inventory system.

> The inventory should be organized by the item name and it should keep track of the number of items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inventory should be organized by the item name and it should keep track of the number of items on hand.
```

> You will be given a list of items. Each time an item is in the given list, increase the item's quantity by `1` in the inventory. You will also have to delete items from the inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll be given a list of items. Each time an item appears on the list, increase the item's quantity by `1` in the inventory. Sometimes, you will also have to delete items from the inventory.
```

To finish, you will have to implement a function which returns all the key-value pairs in an inventory as a list of `tuples`.

## 1. Create an inventory based on a list

> Implement the `create_inventory()` function that creates an "inventory" from a list of items. It should return a `dictionary` representing the item names associated with their quantity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `create_inventory()` function that creates an "inventory" dictionary from a given `list` of items. It should return a `dict` containing the item names with their associated quantity.
```

## 3. Remove items from the inventory

Implement the `delete_items()` function that removes every item in the list from an inventory:

```python
>>> delete_items({"coal":3, "diamond":1, "iron":5}, ["diamond", "coal", "iron", "iron"])
{"coal":2, "diamond":0, "iron":3}
```

> The item counts should not fall below `0`, if the number of items in the list exceeds the number of items available in the inventory, the quantity for that item should remain `0` and the item should be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Item counts should not fall below `0` -- if the number of items on the list exceeds the number of items available inside the inventory, the listed quantity for that item should remain at `0`,  and subsequent requests for removing the item should be ignored.
```
